[Music]
I got up like an hour earlier than
everyone else so I'm just you know night
my breakfast very peacefully three of my
siblings and I all have an acapella
choir that we are going to need to be
there at 7:30 so it's three till seven
so we'll leave and probably around 10
minutes what's up but it back sore
throat did you brush your teeth yet I
[Music]
know I did that to show them yogurt
right that's every lick okay yes yogurt
no it's not for breakfast
yeah like easily can I get out and then
I'll realize oh I've got to shut that up
or stay back after Spring Break and let
me tell you I'm Way more awake because
of this video that's the reason I'm not
completely about big hair my small
straight doesn't keep up with the earth
wow there's a whole herd coming this way
hello man all of you guys decide yeah
I'm doing a school blog today I love how
all of you showed up you like the exact
same time I don't work for this because
your gift came all right close your eyes
wait I'm gonna put it in your hands just
extension oh that's so cute
I thought it was a coat I saw that I'm
like yeah forget it just go ahead and uh
most of people here right now are go to
the choir and then everyone else starts
showing out a part of that
[Music]
mr. Schaefer I'm gonna brag for a second
about how schools are like 1/4 of the
size so that's at least one thing I can
brag about right so we do share our
lockers with people because they're like
there are 14 of us and only nine lockers
but one person gets one side but there
so most of the time the entire high
school is in this room taking most of
their classes together and classes are
taught by college professors and so
they're all 14 people
I can anyone I'll say that 14 kids in my
high school the bell rung so what we
doing first bell rang thank you heard my
mistake
so we're gonna do is go to the gym for
an assembly so this is our gym don't be
flabbergasted by how small it is
and this is my entire school in one room
good morning mr. Schaefer I pledge
allegiance to the flag what what
introduces the interact this course then
would it be the monster crosses so then
excess we have that we're heading to is
math and there are actually only four
students in our class and we're the
highest mess right now
because it's two juniors and then to
seniors and
we aren't food category right look like
I have a beard hey I see cake here for
you
I mean they're working right now and for
lunch with my mom and then one of our
friends mom switches off making meals
every single week so all of my siblings
and I as well as her daughter you guys
gonna have cake for lunch
I thought Terry was British okay so the
situation is that my mom thought it was
our friend's moms week to cook but it
was hers so we don't have any lunch so
I'm gonna go home and Sarah is coming
with me and I'm gonna get some food
because I'm starving I have those
bananas but I want an actual we have a
new subscriber I always loved that
subscribe that would be my reaction when
I suppose I see that you did
guys we made it back in time for a bit
of recess so we're gonna because we're
technically allowed to go to recess
usually older older kids don't believe
how to be fine since we have time so we
have got a cool slide
[Laughter]
yeah it's recording and you're doing on
the teeter totters sorry open turn
[Laughter]
sideways they're only three people in my
ride five freshmen for soft sauce were
three juniors and two senior this
graduation ceremony oh yeah
okay recess is over and I'm good
[Music]
that's whatever present present all
right there we go guys okay so now all
of our time on here is only Dante it's a
down to eight minutes so we were just
working on oh my gosh
so we're doing a podcast about different
ages and how they see the ideal man and
what and what kind of qualities they
believe I'd even have so in biology
today that's where we're headed right
now is to go I've had well gee twice
already and I've dissected fetal pigs
and I've done cadavers before oh yeah I
did it learn yeah Ali tell me what you
just did why did you just do that
because we didn't bring food and now you
dissin cats and not my friends is why I
went home to get food and didn't you did
and we're sick you didn't so now we're
headed to actual choir this is like the
choral choir what do you guys do well
see what I give up for music I love it
we just got out of fire and we didn't
actually say we just next we're doing
history just do it
so this is what we're going over history
is probably my favorite class right
favorite bye alright guys I just made it
home after dropping Alison and Hannah
off at the tennis courts and I've just
got some homework to do and some video
editing stuff I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video I was super excited
about making it if you did don't forget
to give the video a thumbs up and if
you're new please subscribe I know I've
already said that like five times in
this video if you have any video ideas
leave them down below as always in the
description I have my vlog channel
linked and also my Instagram if you want
to go check that out on Instagram it's
Riley is real - pretty easy to remember
thank you guys once again for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video and I
will see you next week
[Music]